Hello.  Hello.  Hello everyone.  This is Katie and we are here together on our first ever episode of cream in your coffee.  Thank you so much guys for humoring me on this podcast Journey.  It's been a huge goal of mine for the past few years.  I finally just growing a pair and jumping right into it and seeing how it goes.  So, thank you again for bearing with me here.   Alrighty guys, so I figured for the first episode why not jump into a topic that is so exciting for pretty much everybody out there just around the corner and seven or eight days.  We have the wonderful Christmas and I'm so excited Christmas is a great time of year for me. I just love the spirit of happiness and joy and the giving spirit.  I love every single part of it and I hope that you guys are excited for it to obviously it would definitely  I say that most people are I find most excited about receiving gifts around Christmas time.  I'm definitely the opposite I get really really awkward when someone gives me a gift but I get so excited to give someone else a gift and just to see their faces when they open it.  I'd like to think that I'm pretty good with gifts.  I usually think of something like thoughtful or I'll even make something for someone so it really just depends on the person obviously, but I don't know doing something nice for someone always feels good, right?   I don't mean make a list right before you go out shopping the day of gentlemen.  I'm sure your shopping Christmas Eve.  Stop fucking doing that.  I mean throughout the year make a list of things that your friends and family make comments about so things that they always use things that they want things they enjoy  And this is going to save you a headache because not only is this list going to have a backup list of things that you can buy if you are totally stuck on gifts, but you also have something to reference all year long.   When you can pick things up, so this is where it's going to save you financially.  You're not coming around to December of next year and you're like shit.  I don't have enough money to buy Christmas gifts or you know, you see those memes that are like it looks like people going to be getting a Merry Christmas message for Christmas.  That's what my bank account looks like.  No, you're going to go it's going to be July and your best friend Janine really likes, you know, Marc Jacobs Daisy perfume.  So ladies, you know, if your man's taking his pants off and his boxers look like moths have gotten into his underwear drawer.  He needs some briefs and or Underoos or boxers or whatever the hell you call them.  Go get you a man's some underwear.  So again, the first two is one thing you want and one thing you need one thing you read.  I love this one.   Honestly, this is great.  I love it because I used to read all the time and now it takes me five months to read a book that I would probably finish in two days.  So one thing to read gets everyone on that educational truck and gives their brain a little bit of a workout.   Now the one thing to read is also kind of a fun little gift because it gives the other person that you are giving to an insight into your brain and what you would kind of read or at least what you would suggest for them.  So it opens up some Avenues of may be an author that they never thought to look into or some storylines that they might like that they didn't know they would so it's like a gift that keeps on giving you know, it's wonderful.   I don't actually decorate my place.  Um, I think I have one stocking that A friend gave me several years ago.  And that's the one Christmas decoration that I have and that goes  On my door, so I'm not a huge decorator surprisingly enough.  I will be having a guest on next week though for next episode and her family goes all out.  So we will definitely be talking with her about her Christmas traditions and how they decorate.   Now you guys are probably thinking like what the fuck is this person talking about she loves Christmas, but she doesn't decorate what is up with that.  I don't like Snow either.  So the weather recently hasn't exactly been my favorite, but given that it is Christmas.  I will take a nice fluffy layer of snow for Christmas day that's acceptable, I guess so mother nature.  Feel free to send us a little bit of snow, but no ice no hail and no freezing rain. 	On the first ever episode of Kream in your Koffee, Katie talks about tips for Christmas shopping. 